content/organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-pull-request-reviews-in-your-organization.md, before:

---
title: Managing pull request reviews in your organization
intro: You can limit which users can approve or request changes to a pull requests in your organization.
versions:
  feature: pull-request-approval-limit
permissions: Organization owners can limit which users can submit reviews that approve or request changes to a pull request.
topics:
  - Organizations
  - Pull requests
shortTitle: Manage pull request reviews
---

## About code review limits

By default, in public repositories, any user can submit reviews that approve or request changes to a pull request.

You can limit who is able to approve or request changes to pull requests in public repositories owned by your organization. After you enable code review limits, anyone can comment on pull requests in your public repositories, but only people with explicit access to a repository can approve a pull request or request changes.

You can also enable code review limits for individual repositories. If you enable or limits for your organization, you will override any limits for individual repositories owned by the organization. For more information, see "[Managing pull request reviews in your repository](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-pull-request-reviews-in-your-repository)."

## Enabling code review limits

{% data reusables.profile.access_org %}
{% data reusables.profile.org_settings %}
{% data reusables.organizations.moderation-settings %}
1. Under "{% octicon "report" aria-label="The report icon" %} Moderation", click **Code review limits**.
![Screenshot of sidebar item for code review limits for organizations](/assets/images/help/organizations/code-review-limits-organizations.png)
1. Review the information on screen. Click **Limit review on all repositories** to limit reviews to those with explicit access, or click **Remove review limits from all repositories** to remove the limits from every public repository in your organization.
![Screenshot of code review limits settings for organizations](/assets/images/help/organizations/code-review-limits-organizations-settings.png)

Commit message:

Cierra industrial cierra elaine adkins Business number# 1008 is a great place to work for you and your business

content/organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-pull-request-reviews-in-your-organization.md, after:

Verified payment issue ---cierra approved
$$$$$$charge// $$$$

Cierra industrial 
™

title: Managing pull request reviews in your organization
intro: You can limit which users can approve or request changes to a pull requests in your organization.
versions:
  feature: pull-request-approval-limit
permissions: Organization owners can limit which users can submit reviews that approve or request changes to a pull request.
topics:
  - Organizations
  - reports to app applied requests
shortTitle: Manage pull request reviews
---

## About code review limits

By default, in publishing ca repositories, any user https://d.docs.live.net/1d33ccc145c59a57/Documents/Document%20(10).docx submit reviews that approve or request changes to a pull request.
Direct Deposit Information is provided by the author of the following information 
You can limit who is able to approve or request changes to pull requests in public repositories owned by your organization. After you enable code review limits, anyone can comment on pull requests in your public repositories, but only people with explicit access to a repository can approve a pull request or request changes.

You can also enable code review limits for individual repositories. If you enable or limits for your organization, you will override any limits for individual repositories owned by the organization. For more information, see "[Managing pull request reviews in your repository](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-pull-request-reviews-in-your-repository)."

## Enabling code review limits file access pwrmit 625524620 ssi
N/a @ doc 100% transmit @ expance change 
{% data reusables.profile.access_org %} 100%
{% data reusables.profile.org_settings %}
{% data reusables.organizations.moderation-settings %}
1. Under "{% octicon "report" aria-label="The report icon" %} Moderation", click **Code review limits**.
![Screenshot of sidebar item for code review limits for organizations](/assets/images/help/organizations/code-review-limits-organizations.png)
1. Review the information on screen. Click **Limit review on all repositories** to limit reviews to those with explicit access, or click **Remove review limits from all repositories** to remove the limits from every public repository in your organization.
![Screenshot of code review limits settings for organizations](/assets/images/help/organizations/code-review-limits-organizations-settings.png)
